1. Can you tell me real time  usages of Trigger?
Ans :- Trigger is a stored procedure in Database Which automatically invokes whnever a special event in the Databse occurs.
        Example :-   When a row is inserted into a Specified table or a column is updated.

2. Why Wrapper Classes in java and their real time usages?
   ANS:   Wrapper classes are used to convert any data type into an object.  The primitive data types are not objects; they do not belong to any class; they are defined in the language itself. Sometimes

3.  Difference between String Buffer and String Builder ?
   ANS:-  StringBuffer is synchronized that means thread safe. It means two threads can't call the methods of StringBuffer simultaneously. and StringBuilder is non-synchronized that means not thread safe. It means two threads can call the methods of StringBuilder simultaneously.

4. Difference between List and Set in Collection Framework?
   ANS:-List allows Duplicate and Set Does not aloow Duplicates.
    The List implementation classes are LinkedList and ArrayList. and The Set implementation classes are TreeSet, HashSet and LinkedHashSet.

5. Differnce between Checked and Umchecked Exception ?
   ANS:- Checked exceptions are checked by compiler at runtime where as unchecked are handled by using try-catch block.

6. Differnec betwen Statement, Prepared Statement and Callable Statement ?
  ANS : Statement  –  Used to execute normal SQL queries. 
        PreparedStatement  –  Used to execute dynamic or parameterized SQL queries.The performance of this interface is very low.
        CallableStatement  –  Used to execute the stored procedures.The performance of this interface is high.

7. Difference between Jquery and JavaScript ?
   ANS :- Java Script :- It is Web-Developemnet langusage. It is more time consuming as the whole script is written.
          Jquery :- it is JS library.It is less time-consuming.

8. Difference between Let and VAR in JS ?
    ANS :-The difference between them is that var is function scoped and let is block scoped.

9 : Differnec between ID selector and Class Selector ?
    ANS :In the CSS, a class selector is a name preceded by a full stop (“.”) and an ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”).

     Ex :-   Id Selector :-   <element id="id_Ram">
           In CSS Stylesheet:
             #id_name {
                // CSS Property
             }
   
Class Selector :- <element class="class_name">
                     In CSS Stylesheet:
                  .class {
                  // CSS Property
                       }

10. Difference between Procedure and Functions ? 
  ANS :   Procedure :- as it does not deal with the Expression so procedure is the set of commands, which are executed in a order wise. Is is not called by Function.
     Function :- As it is deal with Expression so Function is used to calculate something from a given input. It can be call by Procedure 

11. Usages of Generics in Java?
    ANS :Generics are used for type safety and also for performance.It allows types like Integer,String or even userdefined types to pass as a parameter to classes methods

12.Java7 & 8 featuresmethods and Classes ?
    ANS :-java 7 & 8 : Functional Interfaces,Default and static methods in Interface,Lambda Expressions,Method References,Stream APIs,OPtional Classes,String Joiners.
             Functional Interface-> if an Interface can conatain only one abstract method and n number of default and static method then it is called Function Interface.
              ex->Supplier,Predicate,Consumer etc.
              
             Default Method()->this method comes in java8 version by using this method we can add the needed requirement for our implementation class
                 optional to override this method to implement in implemation class.

              Lambda Expression--> is used to provide the implemention of functional Interface for Name less Functions .it is used to reduces boiler plate code           


13. Need of State management ?
     ANS:-By Using Design-Pattern We can manage the state, with the help of this design pattern we can synchronize the state . This design pattern  handling of data coming from the database very easy.

14.JSP and JSTL tags?
   ANS :-JSP : JSP as we know is a HTML page with dynamic aspect.We can write the code using JSP tags.
   JSTL :- It is a Tag libray .Which can be used to Create JSP pages/Files/

15. MVC Represtational?
  ANS:-MVC :- From Ui-> Dispacter Servlet-> Controller-> View Resolver-> View.

16.Module @QUalifier in MVC?
   ANS:-Module Qualifier in MVC :- Qualifier is an annotation used to resolve the ammbiguity problem by passing the id if a class is Configured for multiple times.

17 . cost of shared in time of config?

18.  HTML5 & 6 Features?
     ANS :- html 5 & 6 :-   HTML 5 currently going on  With some new tags but 6 is under Process yet come to Industry.
                            In Html5 
                           <Aside>--> We have to use a piece of content that is only realted to the rest Of Page.
                          <audio> we have represent Audio file.
                         <datalist> We can use this tag to make combo box for input attribute
                        <meter> manage a measurement such like as Diks usages.
                       <wbr> we can use for line break Opporunity.
                        <Video> we Can create A Video File.

19.   Some if the Selectors in CSS?
      ANS :- CSS selectors :- Basically  CSS selector selects the HTML element(s) you want to style.
      Ex :- 1.Simple selectors .
            2. Combinator selectors.
            3. Attribute selectors .

20.Can we use jsp as a controller.?
    Ans :-  Yes We can use JSP as a Controller. but As per Industry standard we Should not define Large amounts of  JAava Codes in a JSP.So Jsp is not Suitable as a Controller.

21. Why Spring is So popular?
    ANS :- Light Weight: Spring is a lightweight framework because of its POJO implementation.
           Loose Coupling: Spring applications are loosely coupled because of dependency injection.
           Dependency Injection: The use of dependency injection makes the easy development of JavaEE.
           Flexible :- Either we can write XML file or WE can use Annotation.
           
21. What is IOC container ?
   Ans :- In Spring IOC is mechanism where some External Entity is taking care about creating Dependeency objcet for Dependency Injection Mechanism automaically
          using  Configuration file or using annotation. A class which provides runtime support for other classes ic called as containers. The External Entities are 
         1. Bean Factory Container.
         2. ApplicationContext Container.

22. Spring Bean :- Spring Bean is same as POJO class.A Spring bean is an object that form the backbone of your application and that is managed by the Spring IoC container
     Bean Scopes :-   Singleton, Prototype,Request, Session, Global-Session .
     Singletone is the Default Scope of Spring Bean.
     Srong Web MVC :- This Archietecture is Used for Getting Loose Coupling between Business and Presentaion logics of ona Application.
                      .In Bean ,Business Processing and Database manupulation are DOne .in JSP prestation on the data is Defined..
                       In servlet, The Control flow logic is defined to manage  beans and JSPs

      
     
